one in here and tell you guys I
originally filmed a review for this unit
this is from RPGSHOW i'm going to enter
that footage that i found however the
wig had not been washed it was kind of
let me take it straight out of the pack
and try to you know curling bump the
bangs I went and looked at the footage I
really didn't like the way it was
sitting so I've kind of cut the bangs
they have been bumped they're a little
tight right now there are some layers
that I've cut in the unit since washing
it I just used some vo5 conditioner blew
dry the hair and then flat ironed it so
I feel like the flow is a lot nicer and
then the just the all-over aesthetic
looks a little bit better this is what
I'm working with the bangs are a little
bit shorter than I think I would have
wanted but I use the same technique that
I did before when I showed you how to
cut bangs at home i'll post that video
down below let me just insert the rest
of the video review not talk to you guys
soon no I some of you guys know I am
100-percent all natural as far as my
hair which it is very thick coarse kinky
hair which is to the middle of my bag so
I have a lot of hair that is just two
strand twisted underneath with a
stocking cap to try to make it as flat
as possible but this hair is a beautiful
20 inches long as you can see very long
and very sleek although the hair texture
is yakky so it mimics relaxed natural
hair and it has a nice luster but it's
not too shiny June it comes with a cap
number two with medium brown colored
lace very few tangles because it does
have texture to the hair I might get a
couple of snags and I've noticed with a
lot of my units once it starts to feel
like it gets a little bit entangled more
so than normal that's when I know it's
time to go wash my hair conditioned it
again but all in all this is a beautiful
unit these are not
expensive but they are worth the price
you're getting quality human hair with
wonderful glueless cap construction they
also offer for lace wigs and I have
always been satisfied with what they
have sent me so if you are interested
i'll put a link down for you below so
you can check them out hopefully you
guys enjoyed this review let me know
what you guys think with the jet black
with the bangs bangs you really can't go
wrong because if there is anything shady
going on at that hairline a bang is
going to definitely camouflage that okay
so anyway I'm gonna get off of here and
I'll talk to you guys on the next video
keep it real until next time bye hugs no
take some cons to this wig some candid
you know video about this wig now I
actually have reviewed this particular
style from RPG show before it was in a
color number one be it was one of my
all-time favorite units which I want to
say that I actually sold in my blog sale
anywho this particular wig I'm going to
tell you the one thing that is a con and
I think it has to do with this
particular units construction it has
nothing to do with RPG shows quality
however it's one thing that can be said
about the consistency of making wigs I
don't know if it's possible to be one
hundred percent consistent unless it's
made by a machine okay now i don't know
if you noticed this but right here right
here is where the bangs start and also
right here is where there is a wig comb
that whitcomb kind of affects the way
that the hair falls so i feel like this
is really giving me a
it's giving me that kind of quick weaves
wig cap kind of look um I don't feel
like it lays as nicely as it could right
here's the stretchable cap here is the
lace and there's this band here with the
whitcomb and that's exactly where the
bangs start so I think that it's
affecting the way it lays so I'm going
to actually remove it but that's one of
the only things that I don't really like
about the way it sits now I think it's a
quick fix but that's just one thing I
wanted to notate about this particular
unit that I received it's not a biggie
but it might be for someone else you
know so once again they have on their
their policy if it's something you don't
like before you cut off that freaking
lace which basically means no refund no
exchange you ain't we can't help you you
keep that lace on and then you contact
them with whatever issue that you're
having so anyway I want to come on in
here and share that with you guys just
to make sure that this is a thorough
review reviews using a slash show and
rave alright bye